[THEME MUSIC]
>> Hello, Swaruu.
Today we will talk
about what you
would call initial or original
matrix, the kind of matrix
you are in, too, from
what I understand.
But first, how would
you define matrix
from your perspective
in general terms?
>> Hello, Gosia.
Matrix, as in a set of rules
within a contained game,
like a video game
with set rules,
because that's what it is,
just like in your movie
"The Matrix."
There is more matrix out here.
But Earth is a matrix inside a
matrix, a dream within a dream,
and I am the one
shaking you to wake up.
Nothing there exists.
It's all in your mind.
It's all your perception
and the interpretation
you are giving that perception.
And you interpret
perception with the set
of ideas the 3D matrix
has imposed on you,
but it's all perception.
In the instant you decide
something is real, then it is.
Your experience is real.
Your experiences
there or anywhere else
is reality to you.
You decide.
There are multiple
realities, not only one.
It's the consciousness behind--
that is, having the experience--
the one who decides what
is real and what is not.
But as with a video game,
the game and the action in it
is not real.
But your experience
in the game is real.
There is no world,
no matter, as such.
You don't have a body.
All you are is
spirit, and the rest
is all you're making
to have an experience.
There is no matter.
It's all mind.
>> I have always sensed that the
reality that is spread around
me is a sort of a projection.
And there is a part within
me screaming to be unplugged,
beamed up.
I have always sensed
the frustration
of being trapped within
the imposed limits
of physical
perception of things.
For example, a lamp.
Why am I perceiving it in this
way, with this shape and form?
I know it doesn't
only exist this way,
but it's like there is something
in me, some program, which
is hard to escape,
that forces me
to interact with the lamp
in the form of a lamp.
I feel trapped
within this denseness
of having to perceive things
and objects only in one way.
I feel there has been a
certain decoder of reality
so we can decode it in
this way and not the other.
>> Exactly.
And that's part of the
initial matrix, too.
That's because you
have an agreement
to see that lump of
potential energy as a lamp.
But it's all potential energy.
If you are not in that room
and there is no one else in it,
the lamp is only potential
energy and not a lamp.
Only you can give it a meaning.
And, yes, in a 3D matrix,
you have been imposed.
You have been
programmed with a set
of beliefs that limit what you
manifest and what you perceive.
The way you interpret
that potential energy,
that imposition is the
matrix, like the written code
in the video game that has a
law that will impose on you that
you cannot walk through walls.
>> But that perception of a lamp
as a lamp is a group perception
also.
We all perceive it
in the same way.
That's why I feel it was
imposed on a mass level.
That agreement to see the
lump of energy as a lamp
is a certain code.
We have been led to
perceive it as a lamp.
>> Yes, precisely.
That's the hive mind
I was talking about.
Time, for example,
is also an agreement
to see it the same way.
And the clock or a
watch is the metronome
that will keep all the people
manifesting that reality
in unison, at the correct time.
Time and the clock is your
metronome or your conductor.
>> OK, so who is
a code programmer?
>> You are.
>> I am the programmer
of the matrix?
I understand you are referring
to the initial matrix
here, too, in general.
I programmed it upon myself?
>> You and the other
fractals of yourself there.
Yes, you have, to
have an experience.
But you are not a victim.
You went in there knowingly
and with full purpose
and with a plan.
You program and change
the matrix at will
using your emotions
and your desires.
It changes as it
senses you and what
you want based on your
focused attention that
comes from your intention.
>> But if I programmed the
matrix for the experience
of it, why then do I
need to wake myself up?
I designed it for
myself, so what's
the purpose of waking up now?
>> So you can manifest what you
want and not what others have
hijacked into your mind.
A lot of what you are
programming into the matrix
is not your real intention.
It's the organ's intention,
the hive-imposed mind.
>> Aren't they a part of
the reality of myself, too?
In other words, maybe
I manifested them also.
I mean, if I, in
the highest sense,
am all that there is, then
are they part of me, too?
>> Yes, you did, and then
that's by intention as you went
in in full knowledge of what
you would experience there.
And then this ties to the
prime directive again.
We cannot interfere if you are
having the experience you want.
So the negative aspects of
the world, in some level,
is of your own doing.
But you forgot that, so
you may need a little push
in your game.
>> If that is so, then it
becomes complicated indeed
because it becomes hard to know
which part of our experience
here is really self-imposed
by ourselves programming us
to have this experience of
limitation and which part are
the hijackers.
And I am beginning to understand
the hard decisions and dilemmas
of prime directive.
>> All the negative aspects
and events in the world--
wars and weather events,
catastrophes, volcanoes,
and tsunamis--
are an exteriorized
matrix-read reflection
of what the real people there
have manifested for themselves.
What you see
outside in the world
is a direct reflection
of the inner world
in the psyche of the people.
And you must be aligned with
your so-called higher self
to understand what
is imposed and what
is you there to experience.
And I am glad you
are understanding.
As you can see, not
everyone is equipped
to even start to understand
the complexities of why
of the prime directive.
>> Yes, I am still trying
to understand, though.
Did we impose Archons on
ourselves to experience them,
or are they hijackers that
went against our will?
Because if the
second is true, we
are sleeping not
due to our own will.
In this case, it makes
sense trying to wake us up.
>> Again, both
parts are correct.
That's another problem
we face, particularly me,
that if something
is false, it doesn't
mean the other is correct.
And there may be two
contradicting correct
explanations and all the
combinations in between.
Some people have been hijacked.
Others go in to experience
what it is like to be hijacked.
Some feel that what they
wanted in their experience
has been taken from them.
Others are there to experience
lack and restriction
because only then can they
understand and appreciate
abundance.
Many, not all, die there
only to awaken here
in another body that
was literally asleep,
in cryo sleep or hyper
sleep, especially star seeds.
Others go back to
source directly.
>> Are you part of
the matrix, too?
I mean, you also see
lamps, shoes, for example.
We are perceiving them
all in the same way.
>> As I said you are in
a matrix inside a matrix,
a dream inside a dream.
I see shoes and I
see lamps as well.
We both had an
agreement to see them
this way from the other side.
>> So you are in a higher
layer of the matrix?
>> That's correct.
>> So seeing lamps and shoes is
still being in a matrix then,
right?
Because I feel they don't
exist in that way only.
My perception of that
potential energy,
as you said, as lamps and
shoes, has been imposed--
by myself or
Archons, but imposed.
So, by matrix, are
you referring only
to what the negatives
have imposed
on us, hacking the
program, or is it
any perception of objects
around, like lamps, shoes, et
cetera?
Because that would be a positive
or neutral matrix but still
matrix, no?
Since the lamps and shoes
are just lumps of energy,
and we decode them
as lamps and shoes.
I feel now that the
matrix is any type
of decodification mechanism
of energy into objects,
into matter.
I don't know if I'm
right about that.
But then, here, matrix
is also perceived
as something negative, as the
program of the negative ones.
So which matrix are
you referring to when
you say we are in the matrix?
>> You are in both.
Let's say that as you're in the
matrix inside another matrix,
some things belong to the
false matrix and the others
to the real or initial matrix.
This means that even if you
are not aware of those things,
they are still there,
and they may affect you.
The Archons, for
example, they are
part of the old
matrix, the first one,
and they are aware
of both matrices.
So they exploit that,
leeching onto you
like a ferric,
blood-sucking leech.
But, yes, normally, I am
referring to it as negative.
But, then again,
that would depend
on you and your personal
interpretation--
if something is good or not,
beneficial to you or not.
False or not false,
the experience is real,
and that's what is important.
>> OK, so if we are both in the,
let's call it, initial matrix,
so that is why if I see a
dog, you will see also a dog.
We will both
perceive that energy
as a dog, with the same
color and everything, right?
>> Yes, because we have an
agreement to see it that way.
But apart from that, things
do change with dog between you
and I. You see a
pet and a companion.
Taygetans will see
dangerous, wild animal.
Because in Taygeta, dogs
are only wild animals.
There are no dogs
as you know them,
only coyote, wolves, and
other variants of canines
that you don't have on Earth.
To have a dog as
a pet in Taygeta
is as rare as for humans
to have a pet leopard.
>> Very interesting and strange
for me you don't have dogs
as pets.
OK, but coming back
to the subject,
yes, we are both
programmed by ourselves
to decode the dog in a certain
way and see it in front of us
in a certain way.
So that agreement is a part
of the initial matrix, yes?
It is an agreement
with ourselves
from the higher level.
>> Yes, both, the
matrix and ourselves.
But, for example, you
don't decode Moghyay.
You don't know what it is--
or do you?
>> No.
>> So I come and
tell you what it is,
then we are making an agreement
about how we both should see
Moghyay.
The old matrix
does have influence
over the new, false one.
>> Very fascinating for me.
I am sensing some strange
overlaying of matrices here.
>> Being incarnated
is like a game,
and it includes all what you
would consider the material
universe-- one matrix.
Let me give you an example.
We remember who we were before--
our past two or three
lives, at least.
Now, whenever we
die, we always end up
in the same afterlife place.
We may go jumping
stars in a ship.
We may go through wormholes
and travel very, very far
from home--
so far we finally get
lost in deep space.
We die there.
And, surprise, we end up
again in the same afterlife,
planning to reincarnate
in Taygeta again.
So why is this?
The whole universe is a matrix
made of perceptual agreement.
>> So your universe is
also a part of the matrix?
Maybe that's why we feel
such nostalgia as always,
me and you.
We feel we are not
in the real world.
>> Yes, we are all
part of that matrix.
That's why we have
similar bodies.
But the matrix on Earth
is one step deeper,
matrix inside matrix, but we
are all from somewhere else.
>> So what happened?
We imposed on ourselves
a matrix for us all?
>> Yes.
It's said that we did this in
order to have an experience.
>> Who did, exactly?
>> You again.
You made the universe.
You, Gosia, from
your point of view.
I made it from mine.
Robert's cat made it
from his point of view.
>> Yes, but we all share similar
objects in our universes-- you,
me, and Robert's cat--
so we have a common thread
there, common programming.
Is it because we
are all one, anyway?
>> Yes, because we perceive it
all under the same agreement.
But we haven't agreed
about Moghyay yet.
You pick up agreements as you
evolve lifetime after lifetime,
from simpler organisms to more
complex ones, all accumulating
experience.
The reason that
we all agree today
how we see things, what
they are, even Moghyays,
is because in the end, we don't
exist as separate entities.
We are all interconnected
in consciousness.
We are literally all one being.
We share ideas
because we are one.
>> Exactly.
OK, so we coded ourselves
to perceive things
in a certain way from the
higher level of the matrix.
If not, one person would see
a cat and the other one a frog
in the same place.
But the fact that we all see the
same thing points to the fact
that we are truly one.
The consciousness programmed
itself to decode things
in a certain way, and we
go around decoding them
that way because it is all
us, all of us same being.
Am I correct?
>> You are perfectly correct.
>> Amazing.
But, if so, if we imposed
the whole initial matrix
on ourselves, then
why fight anything
that we perceive as negative?
It's all a game of the highest
matrix operator, ourselves.
Just thinking out loud.
>> Yes.
It's ultimately all
an external reflection
of an inner conflict based
on the idea of duality
or contrast.
>> Why do you have Reptilians?
Are they the reflection
of some inner conflicts
in your universe, too?
>> Reptilians are part of
an inner conflict, yes.
And they exist on
Earth and anywhere else
because they are also us.
They are also you.
If Reptilians exist-- because
after all the data you've seen
you know they have to be there
must be there and knowing that
this universe is
based on duality--
then as a consequence of the
reptilians' existence, then
the opposite must also exist.
Bad alien, good alien.
That can be also used as an
argument about our existence,
the Taygetans.
We do consider ourselves
to be the opposites
of the Reptilians,
their nemesis.
>> I understand.
OK, when we talked
about the 3D matrix,
you mentioned that
some concepts,
like law of
attraction, are still
present in that original matrix.
Can you expand on that
a bit more, please?
>> It's the reflection of an
intention from the spiritual
world.
It manifests first as energy.
Then, by means of
an attention focus,
it becomes something
with matter.
It's the original matrix,
so it has no technology
as such controlling it.
It was set up by
us all, real souls,
as a necessity to expand even
with an illusion of separation.
The key concept here
is to understand
how the attention
of consciousness
will turn potential
energy into something
that reflects its intent.
That's how it works.
And your mind and consciousness
is incredibly powerful.
You literally can create
a world or a universe.
You are source.
The difference is that
here in 5D, you know it,
so you can control your
feelings and thoughts
to change your world.
However, even inside the
original matrix, or the 5D,
you do have the
sensation of limitedness
because as you go ascending
in the frequency realm
curve or stages,
the higher you go,
the faster things manifest
as they are less dense.
That's how it works.
The how it came to
be, no one knows.
It's always been
here, physicality.
There is no time,
so it's eternal.
It just is.
It's a shape for
something that has
no shape, a reflection of
your consciousness awareness.
The more expanded
you are inside,
the more you can
see of the universe.
>> Now, you said the original
matrix was set up by us all,
real souls.
You mean us from above,
some more etheric plane,
decided to become more
fractalized to experience
material expansion
and we established
a set of rules for the game--
original matrix set of rules?
What would be those
original matrix rules?
Law of attraction,
duality, what else?
>> Yes, something like that, but
not necessarily as us sitting
down making plans.
More of manifesting what
we all want, as in a web.
More of manifesting
what our attention wants
and/or where it goes.
I think duality is not part
of the original matrix,
also as the result of the
split brains humans have--
always fighting between
left and right brains.
Here, we don't have that,
and above, even less.
If it seems like
we have duality,
it's in a much lesser degree.
Law of attraction, it
simply is creating what you
are focusing your attention to.
That is primordial, I would say.
>> I was thinking that.
But then you do
have darker beings,
such as reptiles, so you do have
some sort of a duality, still.
>> We don't really
have reptiles.
Those go only as
high as 4D, lower 5D.
We are in higher 5D, so they
cannot touch us unless we go
down, we descend.
The only reptiles we have
here are the positive ones.
We live very much in peace.
We can see the
reptiles in 3D, 4D,
but they cannot see or touch us.
So they must use tactics
like using advanced clones
to be able to work through
them here to try to get to us.
>> But the Tiamat and Mars
wars, you said those were bloody
wars.
Many died.
It was before 3D installment,
so it happened in 5D.
>> Yes, but frequency
is not fixed.
It depends on your
state of mind.
You go up and down in frequency.
We all do.
All that mess happened
when we were low--
higher 4D, lower 5D.
It all depends on
your intention.
So going on to pick a fight
is a lower frequency activity.
So if you look for a fight,
you will find a fight.
The trick is to stay
above in frequency
to avoid being accessed or
touched by negative things.
As I said before, 5D
is not a fixed thing.
It's a gradient of frequency
from lower to higher,
and you determine what you see
with your personal frequency.
>> OK, so in the original
matrix, higher 5D state,
there is usually no negativity
and cruelty spreading around.
You live in harmony.
Is that right?
>> Mostly.
Not in complete harmony
but, compared to below,
we are quite harmonious,
mostly because we
do understand how this works.
>> Did the original matrix
install the experience
of physical pain, or is it
something more to do with 3D
world?
>> There is pain here as well.
But it's seen differently.
Pain here is not a problem.
Some of it means you
are away from being
aligned to your needs
and wants, and that
includes a broken finger.
But pain and suffering needs
at least a whole video apart.
>> OK, do you consider the
possibility that just as the 3D
is an installment
and we didn't know,
the 5D could be also
and you just don't know?
>> No.
There is a difference.
Unlike within 3D, from 5D, you
can talk to beings above you,
and they will explain
it all very kindly.
And you also have full memory
of having been above, as I do
and as I explained once before.
Things that are unbelievable
to you are normal here.
>> OK.
Is initial matrix a constant
or is it flowing and evolving?
>> It flows and evolves as each
consciousness sees it from its
individual level.
As a collective, it is perceived
only as a flow of events.
But, in general, with
an expanded view,
it's eternal and movable
and always has been.
[THEME MUSIC]